<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<title>Profiles and Domains list</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/list.css" />

</head>
<body>
	<div class="noscript">
		<h2 style="color: #ff0000">Seems your browser doesn't support
			Javascript! Websockets rely on Javascript being enabled. Please
			enable Javascript and reload this page!</h2>
	</div>
	<h1>Currently runnable parties</h1>
	<div>
		<table id="partiesTable" class="partiesTable">
			<tr>
				<th>Name</th>
				<th>URI</th>
				<th>Behaviour</th>
				<th>Profile types</th>
				<th>Description</th>
			</tr>
			<tr>
				<td>-</td>
				<td>-</td>
				<td>-</td>
			</tr>
		</table>

	</div>
</body>

<!-- Script to get/update the list and put it into the table. -->
<script type="application/javascript">
	
	<![CDATA[
        "use strict";

        var ws = null;

        function connect() {
            var target = 'ws://'+location.host+"/"+location.pathname.split("/")[1]+'/available';
            if ('WebSocket' in window) {
                ws = new WebSocket(target);
            } else if ('MozWebSocket' in window) {
                ws = new MozWebSocket(target);
            } else {
                alert('WebSocket is not supported by this browser. Please use a newer browser');
                return;
            }
            ws.onopen = function () {
            	// whatever.
            };
            ws.onmessage = function (event) {
            	//alert(event.data);
            	update(JSON.parse(event.data));
            };
            ws.onclose = function (event) {
                alert('Info: Server closed connection. Code: ' + event.code + (event.reason == "" ? "" : ", Reason: " + event.reason));
            };
        }

        /*
        @param domains a list of GeneralPartyInfo elements.
        The name can be used to start new instances.
        */
        function update(parties) {
        	
        	// Find a <table> element with id="myTable":
			var table = document.getElementById("partiesTable");
        	var oldtablerows=document.querySelectorAll("#partiesTable tr:not(:first-child)");
            for (var i = 0; i < oldtablerows.length; i++) {
            	oldtablerows[i].parentNode.removeChild(oldtablerows[i]);
            }
        	for (i in parties) {
        		var party=parties[i];
        		var profiles=[];
        		for (var prof of party['capabilities']['profiles']) {
        			if (prof.includes('.')) {
        				prof=prof.substr(prof.lastIndexOf('.')+1)
        			}
        			profiles.push(prof);
        		}
        		var row = table.insertRow(-1); //-1 = end
        		row.insertCell(0).innerHTML = party['uri'].split('/').pop(); // last element of URI
        		row.insertCell(1).innerHTML = party['uri'];
        		row.insertCell(2).innerHTML = party['capabilities']['behaviours'];
        		row.insertCell(3).innerHTML = profiles;
        		row.insertCell(4).innerHTML = party['description'];
        		
        	}
        	
        }
        
        /*
        This is called when the window DOM is loaded. window.onload runs BEFORE the window is loaded
        and therefore is too early to remove the noscript message.
        */
       document.addEventListener("DOMContentLoaded", function() {
             // Remove elements with "noscript" class - <noscript> is not allowed in XHTML
             var noscripts = document.getElementsByClassName("noscript");
             for (var i = 0; i < noscripts.length; i++) {
                 noscripts[i].parentNode.removeChild(noscripts[i]);
             }
         	connect();

         }, false);
    ]]>

</script>

</html>